Farming requires hard work and diligence,
and empowering every farmer in the country to face every challenge is
our lifeblood. The
Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY) provides
maximum insurance for farmer welfare at a minimal premium.
Under this scheme,
farmer brothers and sisters pay a uniform premium of
only two percent for Kharif crops and one and a half percent for all Rabi crops. For
annual crops,
Jaivik and horticultural crops, the
premium is only five percent. The
premium paid by farmers is very low, and the remaining premium is paid
by the government.
For better administration and
easier dissemination of information, an insurance
portal has been launched under this scheme. An
Android-based app, the Fasal Bima App, has also been launched,
which can be downloaded from the website of the Department of Crop Insurance, Agriculture Cooperation and
Farmers Welfare.
To join the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana,
farmers can apply by visiting their nearest Jain Suvidha
Kendra, post office, or bank branch during the registration period.
Now, success will easily
come to your life, bringing greenery to the fields and
prosperity to life. Pradhan Mantri Fasal
Bima Yojana (PMFBY)
ICICI Lamba Nibhaaye Padhe
[Music]